gh-126204: Add a `sys._jit_enabled` helper (#126247)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

> .. function:: _jit_enabled()
>    Return :const:`True` if :ref:`JIT compiler <whatsnew313-jit-compiler>` is active.
>    Return :const:`False` otherwise.
> 
>    Available only in JIT builds, tier 2 interpreter doesn't count here.
> 
>    .. versionadded:: next

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. function:: _jit_enabled()

   Return :const:`True` if the :ref:`JIT compiler <whatsnew313-jit-compiler>` is active,
   and :const:`False` otherwise.

   Available only in JIT builds; tier 2 interpreter does not count here.

   .. versionadded:: next

```
